Add automatic vertical spacing modifier for main wrapper (#1493)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

[Pull request #1367: Allow for classes, rowspan, colspan and attributes on row headers](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/1367). Thanks to [edwardhorsford](https://github.com/edwardhorsford).

> 

Author: @m-green this updates how the page wrapper works

### Use page wrapper auto spacing

> You can now use the the `.govuk-main-wrapper--auto-spacing` modifier on the main wrapper.

Reviewer: Tweaked this to match the language we use on https://design-system.service.gov.uk/styles/layout/.

```suggestion
You can now use the `.govuk-main-wrapper--auto-spacing` modifier class in your `<main>` element to add responsive padding to the top and bottom of the page.
```

> You can now use the the `.govuk-main-wrapper--auto-spacing` modifier on the main wrapper.

Reviewer: Tweak to match the language in https://design-system.service.gov.uk/styles/layout/.

```suggestion
You can now add the `.govuk-main-wrapper--auto-spacing` modifier class to your `<main>` element to add responsive padding to the top and bottom of the page.
```

> This will apply the correct spacing depending on whether there are any elements (such the back link, breadcrumbs or phase banner components) before the `.govuk-main-wrapper` in the `.govuk-width-container`.

Reviewer: More tweaks to match the language. Also removed brackets, as we should try to avoid those wherever poss. Let me know if still reads ok.

```suggestion
This will add the correct amount of padding depending on whether there are elements above the `<main>` element inside the `govuk-width-container` wrapper, like the back link, breadcrumbs or phase banner components.
```

Author: Good to know about brackets thanks Mark

  ([PR #1367](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/1367))

> - Add new main wrapper modifier to avoid the need for large modifier in most cases.

Author: This change note will be removed so I've just done the bare minimum to make this history make sense.
